ValidatorSetSig Contract (#404)
ava-labs/teleporter: contracts/src/OffChainMessageContracts/README.md

Reviewer: I know you brought this up previously, but what are people thoughts on having the subdirectory breakdown be:
```
src/
    TeleporterMessenger/
    Utilities/
        Upgrades/
        ValidatorSetSignature/
```

I think this structure sets it up nicely for future "Teleporter" protocols other than point-to-point messaging  (i.e. event importing), and also makes it clear where new utility contracts can be added in the future (whether or not they use off-chain messages). The one odd aspect to it I can see is that `Upgrades` is really only meant for the `TeleporterMessenger` protocol to a certain extent. An alternative could be to put `TeleporterUpgradeable` and `TeleporterOwnerUpgradeable` under `TeleporterMessenger`, and move `TeleporterRegistry` under `Utilities` since it is its own standalone contract.

Author: I support moving `TeleporterRegistry` outside of the `TeleporterMessenger` since it's a standalone contract as you said.  However `TeleporterRegistry` is also more closely tied to the `TeleporterMessenger` than `ValidatorSetSignature` which isn't at all. 

Maybe the following makes sense? That would put Teleporter related applications at the top level while letting us keep loosely related contracts in the `Utilities` folder
```
src/
      TeleporterMessenger/
            Upgrades/
      TeleporterRegistry/
      Utilities/
          /ValidatorSetSignature
```

## Off Chain Message Contracts

> This directory contains Solidity contracts that use off chain [Avalanche Warp Messages](https://docs.avax.network/build/cross-chain/awm/overview). These are Warp messages whose source contract address is the zero address that is not owned and therefore could not have been originated on-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains Solidity contracts that use off-chain [Avalanche Warp Messages](https://docs.avax.network/build/cross-chain/awm/overview). These are Warp messages that are signed via manual approve by a chain's validators, rather than being submitted on-chain to be sent.
```

Nit: Technically off-chain messages don't _need_ to have source address of zero, that's just one way a contract receiving them can be sure that they couldn't have been published on-chain.
